[App Config] Fix live tests in UsGov and China clouds (#17583)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

> - Using this SDK with the resources from Sovereign clouds(USGov/China cloud) would have failed with an azuthorization error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using this SDK with the resources from Sovereign clouds (AzureUSGovernment/AzureChinaCloud) would have failed with an authorization error.
```
